UDFs (#15075)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/drop-function.md

---
title: DROP FUNCTION
summary: The DROP FUNCTION statement drops a user-defined function from a database.
toc: true
keywords:
docs_area: reference.sql
---

> The `DROP FUNCTION` [statement](sql-statements.html) drops one or more [user-defined functions](user-defined-functions.html) from a schema.

Reviewer: Assuming you meant "database" based on the entry in `sql-statements.md`.

```suggestion
The `DROP FUNCTION` [statement](sql-statements.html) removes one or more [user-defined functions](user-defined-functions.html) from a database.
```
